README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm sunilchavare 👋 

### 🚀 Aspiring Product Engineer & Future Founder
I am a Backend-focused Developer currently in a high-intensity sprint to master the Node.js ecosystem and contribute to **GSoC 2026**. I build with a "Product First" mindset, focusing on scalability, security, and user value.

---

## 📊 My 2026 Founder-Track Dashboard
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=YOUR_USERNAME&show_icons=true&theme=radical&hide_border=true&count_private=true" width="48%" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=YOUR_USERNAME&layout=compact&theme=radical&hide_border=true" width="48%" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=YOUR_USERNAME&theme=radical&hide_border=true" width="100%" />
</p>

---

## 🎯 GSoC 2026 & Career Roadmap
- **Current Sprint:** Master JavaScript Fundamentals & Git Flow (Target: Feb 19).
- **GSoC Goal:** Secure a Backend/Full-Stack role in a high-impact organization.
- **Career Goal:** Target $70k+ remote roles at US-based startups.
- **Vision:** Building the infrastructure for my future startup.

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack (Learning in Public)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-404D59?style=for-the-badge)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-336791?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)

---

## ⚡ Proof of Work
*Check back weekly as I push my daily practice modules!*
* 🛠️ **[First Contribution]** - Successfully completed the "First Contributions" open-source workflow.

---

## 🤝 Let's Connect
- 📧 Email Address- sunilchavare1665@gmail.com
- 💼 LinkedIn-https://www.linkedin.com/in/sunil-chavare



---

### 💡 The Mindset
"Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. Building 1% better every day."

Commit message:

Revise README for personal and professional updates
focused from fullstack to pure backend role and as of that readme change

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Sunil 👋 

### ⚙️ Backend Product Engineer | Aspiring Founder
I am a Backend Developer starting from scratch in 2026. I specialize in building the "brains" of applications—focusing on scalable architecture, secure APIs, and high-performance server-side logic. My current mission is to secure a spot in **GSoC 2026** and master the infrastructure required for world-class startups.

---

## 📊 Backend Performance Dashboard
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sunilchavare&show_icons=true&theme=radical&hide_border=true&count_private=true" width="48%" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=sunilchavare&layout=compact&theme=radical&hide_border=true" width="48%" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=sunilchavare&theme=radical&hide_border=true" width="100%" />
</p>

---

## 🎯 GSoC 2026 & Founder Roadmap
- **Sprint 1 (Now - Feb 18):** Mastering Asynchronous JS, Node.js Core, and Git Flow.
- **Sprint 2 (Feb 19):** Analyzing GSoC Organizations for Backend-heavy projects (Security/CLI/Data).
- **Q2 Goal:** Complete a high-impact GSoC project and master **Go (Golang)**.
- **Vision:** Building the foundational infrastructure for my own startup.

---

## 🛠 Backend Tech Stack (Learning in Public)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-404D59?style=for-the-badge)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-336791?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)

---

## ⚡ Backend Proof of Work
*A log of systems and logic I've built from the ground up.*
* 🛠️ **[Initial System Configuration]** - Professional Git environment setup and profile initialization.
* 📦 **[Practice Repo]** - (Replace with your practice repo link) - Daily logic and Node.js challenges.

---


- ## 🤝 Let's Connect
- 📧 Email Address- sunilchavare1665@gmail.com
- 💼 LinkedIn-https://www.linkedin.com/in/sunil-chavare


---

### 💡 The Backend Philosophy
"Complexity is the enemy of reliability. I build systems that are clean, secure, and built to scale."

### 💡 The Mindset
"Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. Building 1% better every day."
